Snmp Client plugin

saHpiInitialize done    
saHpiFinalize done 
saHpiSessionOpen done
saHpiSessionClose done
saHpiResourcesDiscover done
saHpiRptInfoGet done
saHpiRptEntryGet broken
saHpiRptEntryGetByResourceId na
saHpiResourceSeveritySet broken
saHpiResourceTagSet broken
saHpiResourceIdGet broken
saHpiEntitySchemaGet na
saHpiEventLogInfoGet broken
saHpiEventLogEntryGet broken
saHpiEventLogEntryAdd broken
saHpiEventLogEntryDelete broken
saHpiEventLogClear broken 
saHpiEventLogTimeGet broken
saHpiEventLogTimeSet broken
saHpiEventLogStateGet broken
saHpiEventLogStateSet broken
saHpiSubscribe na
saHpiUnsubscribe na 
saHpiEventGet broken
saHpiRdrGet broken
saHpiSensorReadingGet done
saHpiSensorReadingConvert na
saHpiSensorThresholdsGet done
saHpiSensorThresholdsSet done
saHpiSensorTypeGet na
saHpiSensorEventEnablesGet done
saHpiSensorEventEnablesSet done
saHpiControlTypeGet na
saHpiControlStateGet done
saHpiControlStateSet broken 
saHpiEntityInventoryDataRead  broken
saHpiEntityInventoryDataWrite broken 
saHpiWatchdogTimerGet broken
saHpiWatchdogTimerSet broken
saHpiWatchdogTimerReset broken
saHpiHotSwapControlRequest broken
saHpiResourceActiveSet broken
saHpiResourceInactiveSet broken
saHpiAutoInsertTimeoutGet broken
saHpiAutoInsertTimeoutSet broken
saHpiAutoExtractTimeoutGet broken
saHpiAutoExtractTimeoutSet broken
saHpiHotSwapStateGet broken 
saHpiHotSwapActionRequest broken 
saHpiResourcePowerStateGet broken
saHpiResourcePowerStateSet broken
saHpiHotSwapIndicatorStateGet broken
saHpiHotSwapIndicatorStateSet broken
saHpiParmControl broken 
saHpiResourceResetStateGet broken 
saHpiResourceResetStateSet broken

