Sysfs Plugin

saHpiInitialize   functional    Need to move plugin loading out of function
saHpiFinalize    done 
saHpiSessionOpen functional
saHpiSessionClose functional
saHpiResourcesDiscover done
saHpiRptInfoGet done
saHpiRptEntryGet done
saHpiRptEntryGetByResourceId functional
saHpiResourceSeveritySet impossible
saHpiResourceTagSet impossible
saHpiResourceIdGet impossible
saHpiEntitySchemaGet impossible
saHpiEventLogInfoGet impossible
saHpiEventLogEntryGet impossible
saHpiEventLogEntryAdd impossible
saHpiEventLogEntryDelete impossible	 
saHpiEventLogClear impossible
saHpiEventLogTimeGet impossible
saHpiEventLogTimeSet impossible
saHpiEventLogStateGet impossible
saHpiEventLogStateSet impossible
saHpiSubscribe impossible
saHpiUnsubscribe impossible
saHpiEventGet impossible
saHpiRdrGet done
saHpiSensorReadingGet done
saHpiSensorReadingConvert na
saHpiSensorThresholdsGet functional
saHpiSensorThresholdsSet semifunc
saHpiSensorTypeGet done
saHpiSensorEventEnablesGet impossible
saHpiSensorEventEnablesSet impossible
saHpiControlTypeGet impossible
saHpiControlStateGet impossible
saHpiControlStateSet impossible
saHpiEntityInventoryDataRead impossible
saHpiEntityInventoryDataWrite impossible
saHpiWatchdogTimerGet impossible
saHpiWatchdogTimerSet impossible
saHpiWatchdogTimerReset impossible
saHpiHotSwapControlRequest impossible
saHpiResourceActiveSet impossible
saHpiResourceInactiveSet impossible
saHpiAutoInsertTimeoutGet  impossible
saHpiAutoInsertTimeoutSet  impossible
saHpiAutoExtractTimeoutGet impossible
saHpiAutoExtractTimeoutSet impossible
saHpiHotSwapStateGet impossible
saHpiHotSwapActionRequest impossible
saHpiResourcePowerStateGet impossible
saHpiResourcePowerStateSet impossible
saHpiHotSwapIndicatorStateGet impossible
saHpiHotSwapIndicatorStateSet impossible
saHpiParmControl impossible
saHpiResourceResetStateGet impossible
saHpiResourceResetStateSet impossible

